CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to DNSimple/Go

The main `dnsimple` package is defined in the `/dnsimple` subfolder of the `dnsimple/dnsimple-go` repository. Therefore, please note that you will need to move into the subfolder to run any `go` command that assumes the current directory to be the package root.

For example, to get the dependencies you will have to run:

```
# from $GOPATH/src/github.com/dnsimple/dnsimple-go directory
cd dnsimple
go get
```

Likewise, when you include this library as dependency, you will need to use

```
import "github.com/dnsimple/dnsimple-go/dnsimple"
```

and not

```
import "github.com/dnsimple/dnsimple-go"
```


## Getting started

#### 1. Clone the repository

Clone the repository [in your workspace](https://golang.org/doc/code.html#Organization) and move into it:

```shell
mkdir -p $GOPATH/src/github.com/dnsimple && cd $_
git clone git@github.com:dnsimple/dnsimple-go.git
cd dnsimple-go
```

#### 2. Build and test

[Run the test suite](#testing) to check everything works as expected.


## Releasing

The following instructions uses `$VERSION` as a placeholder, where `$VERSION` is a `MAJOR.MINOR.BUGFIX` release such as `1.2.0`.

1. Run the test suite and ensure all the tests pass.

1. Set the version in `dnsimple.go`:

    ```go
	Version = "$VERSION"
    ```

1. Run the test suite and ensure all the tests pass.

1. Finalize the `## main` section in `CHANGELOG.md` assigning the version.

1. Commit and push the changes

    ```shell
    git commit -a -m "Release $VERSION"
    git push origin main
    ```

1. Wait for CI to complete.

1. Create a signed tag.

    ```shell
    git tag -a v$VERSION -s -m "Release $VERSION"
    git push origin --tags
    ```


## Testing

Submit unit tests for your changes. You can test your changes on your machine by running the test suite (see below).

When you submit a PR, tests will also be run on the [continuous integration environment via Travis](https://travis-ci.org/dnsimple/dnsimple-go).

### Test Suite

To run the test suite:

```shell
go test ./... -v
```

To run the test suite in a live environment (integration):

```shell
export DNSIMPLE_TOKEN="some-token"
go test ./... -v
```

Commit message:

Enable GitHub Actions CI (#108)
* enable gh actions
* remove travis ci config
* fix yaml
* markdown fixes
* remove references to travis ci
* replace global yamllint config with specific per line config

Co-authored-by: DXTimer <ibbakalov@gmail.com>

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to DNSimple/Go

The main `dnsimple` package is defined in the `/dnsimple` subfolder of the `dnsimple/dnsimple-go` repository. Therefore, please note that you will need to move into the subfolder to run any `go` command that assumes the current directory to be the package root.

For example, to get the dependencies you will have to run:

```shell
# from $GOPATH/src/github.com/dnsimple/dnsimple-go directory
cd dnsimple
go get
```

Likewise, when you include this library as dependency, you will need to use

```go
import "github.com/dnsimple/dnsimple-go/dnsimple"
```

and not

```go
import "github.com/dnsimple/dnsimple-go"
```

## Getting started

### 1. Clone the repository

Clone the repository [in your workspace](https://golang.org/doc/code.html#Organization) and move into it:

```shell
mkdir -p $GOPATH/src/github.com/dnsimple && cd $_
git clone git@github.com:dnsimple/dnsimple-go.git
cd dnsimple-go
```

### 2. Build and test

[Run the test suite](#testing) to check everything works as expected.

## Releasing

The following instructions uses `$VERSION` as a placeholder, where `$VERSION` is a `MAJOR.MINOR.BUGFIX` release such as `1.2.0`.

1. Run the test suite and ensure all the tests pass.

1. Set the version in `dnsimple.go`:

    ```go
    Version = "$VERSION"
    ```

1. Run the test suite and ensure all the tests pass.

1. Finalize the `## main` section in `CHANGELOG.md` assigning the version.

1. Commit and push the changes

    ```shell
    git commit -a -m "Release $VERSION"
    git push origin main
    ```

1. Wait for CI to complete.

1. Create a signed tag.

    ```shell
    git tag -a v$VERSION -s -m "Release $VERSION"
    git push origin --tags
    ```

## Testing

Submit unit tests for your changes. You can test your changes on your machine by running the test suite (see below).

When you submit a PR, tests will also be run on the [continuous integration environment via GitHub Actions](https://github.com/dnsimple/dnsimple-go/actions).

### Test Suite

To run the test suite:

```shell
go test ./... -v
```

To run the test suite in a live environment (integration):

```shell
export DNSIMPLE_TOKEN="some-token"
go test ./... -v
```
